Updates to python.pythonPath setting (#4674)
microsoft/vscode-docs: docs/python/settings-reference.md

| Setting<br/>(python.) | Default | Description |
| --- | --- | --- |
| condaPath | `"conda"` | Path to the `conda` executable. |

> | defaultInterpreterPath | `"python"` | Path to the default Python interpreter to be used by the Python extension on the first time it loads for a workspace, or the path to a folder containing the Python interpreter. Can use variables like `${workspaceFolder}` and `${workspaceFolder}/.venv`. Using a path to a folder allows anyone working with a project to create an environment in the `.venv` folder as appropriate to their operating system, rather than having to specify an exact platform-dependent path. `settings.json` file can then be included in a source code repository. It's worth noting that changes to this setting made after an interpreter had been selected for a workspace will not be applied or considered by the Python extension, and that the Python extension doesn't automatically add or change this setting.|

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| defaultInterpreterPath | `"python"` | Path to the default Python interpreter to be used by the Python extension on the first time it loads for a workspace, or the path to a folder containing the Python interpreter. Can use variables like `${workspaceFolder}` and `${workspaceFolder}/.venv`. Using a path to a folder allows anyone working with a project to create an environment in the `.venv` folder as appropriate to their operating system, rather than having to specify an exact platform-dependent path. `settings.json` file can then be included in a source code repository. It's worth noting that changes to this setting made after an interpreter has been selected for a workspace will not be applied or considered by the Python extension. As well, the Python extension doesn't automatically add or change this setting.|
```
